Update HTML5 push notifications docs (#43044)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/html5.markdown

{% my profile badge %}

1. Open the Home Assistant {% my profile title="**User profile**" %} page in [a supported browser](#requirements). 
   - To open the page, select the **User Profile** link above or in Home Assistant, select your user account initials at the bottom of the sidebar.
2. Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a **Receive notifications** toggle.
  - If the toggle is greyed out, make sure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. 

>   - Also, make sure you have added the {% my integrations title="**HTML5 Push Notifications**" domain="html5" %} integration to Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a **Receive notifications** toggle.
   - If the toggle is greyed out, make sure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. 
   - Also, make sure you have added the {% my integrations title="**HTML5 Push Notifications**" domain="html5" %} integration to Home Assistant.
```

{% my profile badge %}

> 1. Open the Home Assistant **User Profile** page in [a supported browser](#requirements). Load the user profile page by clicking the **User Profile** button above or by clicking your user account initials at the bottom of the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Home Assistant {% my profile title="**User profile**" %} page in [a supported browser](#requirements). 
   - To open the page, select the **User Profile** link above or in Home Assistant, select your user account initials at the bottom of the sidebar.
```

>     - Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a new toggle for **Receive notifications**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a **Receive notifications** toggle.
```

>     - If the toggle is greyed out, ensure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. Also make sure you have configured the `notify` HTML5 integration in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the toggle is greyed out, make sure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. 
      - Also, make sure you have added the {% my integrations title="**HTML5 Push Notifications**" domain="html5" %} integration to Home Assistant.
```

>     - If the toggle is not visible, ensure you are not in the user configuration (Sidebar, Configuration, Users, View User).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this is outdated and can be removed.

> 2. Turn on the toggle, and name the device you're using in the alert that appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Turn on the toggle and name the device.
```

{% my profile badge %}

1. Open the Home Assistant {% my profile title="**User profile**" %} page in [a supported browser](#requirements). 
   - To open the page, select the **User Profile** link above or in Home Assistant, select your user account initials at the bottom of the sidebar.
    - Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a **Receive notifications** toggle.
    - If the toggle is greyed out, make sure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. 
      - Also, make sure you have added the {% my integrations title="**HTML5 Push Notifications**" domain="html5" %} integration to Home Assistant.
2. Turn on the toggle and name the device.
3. Within a few seconds you should be prompted to allow notifications from Home Assistant.

> 4. Assuming you accept, that's all there is to it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Home Assistant {% my profile title="**User profile**" %} page in [a supported browser](#requirements). 
   - To open the page, select the **User Profile** link above or in Home Assistant, select your user account initials at the bottom of the sidebar.
2. Assuming you have met all the [requirements](#requirements) above, you should see a **Receive notifications** toggle.
  - If the toggle is greyed out, make sure you are viewing Home Assistant via its external HTTPS address. 
  - Also, make sure you have added the {% my integrations title="**HTML5 Push Notifications**" domain="html5" %} integration to Home Assistant.
3. Turn on the toggle and name the device.
4. Within a few seconds, you should be prompted to allow notifications from Home Assistant.
5. Assuming you accept, that's all there is to it!
```
